Add section about database migration hook (#47)
Icinga/icingaweb2-module-training: doc/48-Database-Migration-Hook.md

Now we can create SQL files that update the existing schema.
For example, we can adjust the length of the `serial_no` field:

```
vi schema/mysql-upgrades/1.1.0.sql
ALTER TABLE asset MODIFY COLUMN serial_no varchar(128) NOT NULL;

INSERT INTO training_schema (version, timestamp, success)
  VALUES ('1.1.0', UNIX_TIMESTAMP() * 1000, 'y');
```

Each migration will also insert itself into the table that tracks the migrations.

Every time we require an update to the database schema, we create a new migration file with a higher version.

```
ls -l  schema/mysql-upgrades/
1.0.0.sql
1.1.0.sql
1.2.0.sql
1.3.0.sql
```

Now we need to implement the `DbMigrationHook` Hook.

First, we need to create a Model for the `training_schema` rows so that we can interact with the
table in an object-oriented way.

```php
vi library/Training/Model/Schema.php

<?php

namespace Icinga\Module\Training\Model;

use DateTime;
use ipl\Orm\Behavior\BoolCast;
use ipl\Orm\Behavior\MillisecondTimestamp;
use ipl\Orm\Behaviors;
use ipl\Orm\Model;

/**
 * A database model for Training schema version table
 *
 * @property int $id Unique identifier of the database schema entries

>  * @property string $version The current schema version of Icinga Web

Reviewer: of ~Icinga Web~ this/the module

Reviewer: Otherwise, LFTM!

Author: copy-paste  https://github.com/Icinga/icingaweb2-module-reporting/blob/main/library/Reporting/Model/Schema.php#L17

Author: ```suggestion
 * @property string $version The current schema version of the module
```
